Before the Earth passed away it was going to be treated to the very
ultimate in sound reproduction, the greatest public address system ever
built. But there was no concert, no music, no fanfare, just a simple
message.

'People of Earth, your attention please,' a voice said, and it was
wonderful. Wonderful perfect quadrophonic sound with distortion levels
so low as to make a brave man weep.

'This is Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz of the Galactic Hyperspace Planning
Council,' the voice continued. 'As you will no doubt be aware, the plans
for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy require the
building of a hyperspatial express route through your star system, and
regrettably your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition. The
process will take slightly less than two of your Earth minutes. Thank
you.'

The PA died away.

Uncomprehending terror settled on the watching people of Earth. The
terror moved slowly through the gathered crowds as if they were iron
filings on a sheet of board and a magnet was moving beneath them. Panic
sprouted again, desperate fleeing panic, but there was nowhere to flee
to.

Observing this, the Vogons turned on their PA again. It said: 'There's
no point in acting all surprised about it. All the planning charts and
demolition orders have been on display in your local planning department
in Alpha Centauri for fifty of your Earth years, so you've had plenty of
time to lodge any formal complaint and it's far too late to start making
a fuss about it now.'

The PA fell silent again and its echo drifted off across the land. The
huge ships turned slowly in the sky with easy power. On the underside of
each a hatchway opened, an empty black square.

By this time somebody somewhere must have manned a radio transmitter,
located a wavelength and broadcast a message back to the Vogon ships, to
plead on behalf of the planet. Nobody ever heard what they said, they
only heard the reply. The PA slammed back into life again. The voice was
annoyed. It said :

'What do you mean you've never been to Alpha Centauri? For heaven's sake
mankind, it's only four light years away you know. I'm sorry, but if you
can't be bothered to take an interest in local affairs that's your own
lookout.

'Energize the demolition beams.' Light poured out of the hatchways.

'I don't know,' said the voice on the PA, 'apathetic bloody planet, I've
no sympathy at all.' It cut off.

There was a terrible ghastly silence. There was a terrible ghastly
noise. There was a terrible ghastly silence.

The Vogon Constructor Fleet coasted away into the inky starry void.
